Reset state (#95)
SeasonedSoftware/croods: docs/docs/the-actions.md

# Clearing state

## Reset State

**Format:** `([object]) => void`

> In order to reset a single `state.list` to its initial state, you can pass it's name as `options` to `resetState`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to reset a single `state.list` to its initial state, you can pass its name as `options` to `resetState`.
```

```
const [, { resetState }] = useCroods({ name: 'todos' })
const clearAll = () => {
  myApi.removeUser().then(() => resetState({ name: 'todos' }))
}
```

> This will clear the state back to its initial values, with every Croods information inside it. The initial state has empty `info` and `list`.

Reviewer: I removed the "empty" bit because it was wrong, the info is `null` but the link I added clarifies it and we avoid having to maintain this bit of docs if we ever change it
```suggestion
This will clear the state back to its [initial values](/docs/main-concepts#state), with every Croods information inside it.
```

## Dangerously Reset Croods State

**Format:** `() => void`

This action completely wipes Croods state, replacing it with an empty object `{}`. 

As the name implies, it's a destructive and dangerous operation in the front-end. No requests will be sent to the backend.

> Instead of `resetState`, in which you pass which specific piece of state you want to clear and the resulting state is a Croods object (even though it's empty), this action replaces every Croods objects and all Croods information to `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of `resetState`, in which you pass which specific piece of state you want to reset and the resulting state is a [initial Croods state](/docs/main-concepts#state), this action erases every bit of Croods state and all Croods Global state will be set to `{}`.
```
